Pivot tables have long been a powerful tool for summarizing data and more, but most of us are accustomed to using them with data from one worksheet. Those running Excel on Windows computers, however, can create a pivot table with data from multiple worksheets as long as the worksheets have one field in common.Create a new PivotTable from the consolidated data. On the Data menu, click "PivotTable and PivotChart Report." Use the data from the consolidated worksheet for your data range and click through all other options. Click "Finished" for consolidated PivotTable.Having all data available on single worksheet makes it really easy to create pivot tables, however it may not allways be possible to keep all data on single Excel worksheet requer to create pivot tables using data from multiple worksheetsGo to the source data range and Insert a Table (Insert tab on the Ribbon > Table). Go to the existing pivot table and select a cell inside the pivot table. Go to the Options/Analyze tab on the Ribbon and click the “Change Data Source” button. The Change PivotTable Source Data window will open.To have multiple columns:
Click in one of the cells of your pivot table.
Click your right mouse button and select Pivot table Options in the context menu, this will open a form with tabs.
Click on the tab Display and tag the check box Classic Pivot table layout.To do this, click on the Power Pivot tab in the ribbon -> Manage data -> Get external data. There are a lot of options in the Data Source list. This example will use data from another Excel file, so choose Microsoft Excel option at the bottom of the list. For large amounts of data, the import will take some time.To create a data set using a Microsoft Excel file from a file directory data source:
Click the New Data Set toolbar button and select Microsoft Excel File. ... 
Enter a name for this data set.
Click Shared to enable the Data Source list.
Select the data source where the Microsoft Excel File resides.The maximum number of rows in Excel is 1,048,576. With Power Pivot for Excel, there is theoretically no limit on the number of rows of data.A PivotTable is an interactive way to quickly summarize large amounts of data. You can use a PivotTable to analyze numerical data in detail, and answer unanticipated questions about your data. A PivotTable is especially designed for: Querying large amounts of data in many user-friendly ways.Maximum columns displayed in a PivotTable report is 16,000. Maximum number of unique items within a single Pivot field is 1 million. Maximum number of fields visible in the Fields list is 16,000.Click the tab that contains your data (e.g., Sheet 2) at the bottom of the Excel window. Add or change your data. Enter the data that you want to add to your pivot table directly next to or below the current data.For large datasets, analyze continuous variables (such as age) by determining the mean, median, standard deviation and interquartile range (IQR). Analyze nominal variables (such as gender) by using percentages. Activity #2: Discuss with a colleague the conclusions you would make based on Table 2.Currently, PBIDS files only support a single data source in one file. Specifying more than one data source results in an error.On the Insert tab, in the Tables group, click PivotTable. The following dialog box appears. Excel automatically selects the data for you. The default location for a new pivot table is New Worksheet.A Pivot Table is a powerful tool to calculate, summarize, and analyze data. Moreover, it lets you gain insights and trends from your data. A pivot table is a table of statistics that summarizes the data of a more extensive table (such as from a database, spreadsheet, or business intelligence program).A data source is simply the source of the data. It can be a file, a particular database on a DBMS, or even a live data feed. The data might be located on the same computer as the program, or on another computer somewhere on a networkThe Excel data source obtains data from the Microsoft Excel file. It assigns data from the columns to the properties in the order they are listed in the editor. That is, the value of the first column will be assigned to the first property, the second column - to the second property, and so on.Create the Data Source
Select the Tools-Data Source menu.
Click New Data Source.
Enter a name for your Data Source. NOTE: I am going to use TEST as the Data Source name.
Press Tab.
Select dBase as the Data Source. ... 
Press Tab.
Enter a directory for the program to store the data files in. ... 
Click Apply.
